fix(mqttsn): handle packets while connecting (#17287)
emqx/emqx: changes/ee/fix-17287.en.md

> Fixed MQTT-SN gateway crashes caused by packets received in unexpected connection or Will states, including `DISCONNECT` during connection setup, `REGISTER` before the Will handshake completes, and `WILLMSGUPD` before a Will topic exists.

Reviewer: Gateway app does not crash, just the client process crashes.
This is very much different implication of the severity level of the issue this PR fixed.
```suggestion
Fixed MQTT-SN clients crash caused by packets received in unexpected connection or Will states, including `DISCONNECT` during connection setup, `REGISTER` before the Will handshake completes, and `WILLMSGUPD` before a Will topic exists.
```
